Marsha and I invited friends to a dinner party but I shopped with the wrong list.
Guests are coming soon.
Marsha is worried but I have a plan.
Let’s see what it is.
I just need a couple of ingredients.
Marsha, please hand me the flour.
Anna, where is the flour?
It's not in the cabinets.
I put the flour inside the refrigerator.
Why?
It’s cold and dry in the refrigerator.
See, it says: “Put in a cold, dry place.”
Okay.
Now, Marsha, please hand me the eggs.
Anna, where are the eggs?
The eggs are inside the cabinet under the sink.
Why are the eggs in here?
On the farm, we always put the eggs there.
How else can the chickens see them?
Okay. You clean the living room.
I will make dinner.
What are you going to make with these ingredients?
I have a plan.
Okay, the apartment is clean.
The kitchen is not.
What are you cooking?
I made my favorite recipe: peanut-butter-banana pancakes!
You made breakfast.
Yes! I call it let’s-eat-breakfast-for-dinner dinner!
Anna!
Mmm! Hey, this tastes good!
Anna, you made it work!
That’s our guests!
I’ll answer the door.
I'll finish here.
Like I said, sometimes Marsha worries too much.
When something goes wrong with your plan, just change the plan!
Till next time!